This is a not for profit name that manages the private and not for sale software projects CerberusCMS and the other private and not for sale software projects developed by this author. This software is private. Ownership of a private web server is required in order to run this software. This software comes with no warranty expressed or implied and it does not manage or transmit anyone's data. If this software is run on a private web server or a rented web server by you we are not responsible for any damages and we do not sell this software to anyone anywhere ever. If you run any of this software on your private web server or rented web server you are responsible for its content and data transmitted with it and we have absolutely nothing to do with that because we do not own, use or transmit information or data that is hosted on your private webserver or rented webserver that is in your name. CerberusCMS is a content management system type web application software that was created and began development in the late 1990s and early 2000s by this author for a Southern California Lowrider Car Club from Kern County and it was never meant for public use. This software web application is hosted on SourceForge
for the purpose of download and use by that Lowrider Car Club from Kern County. We have absolutely no legal association with you and we have absolutely no real life association with you or your data no matter what kind of videos you make or any comments that you make anywhere. This is a privately funded and privately developed software project by this author. If you download and use this software on your privately owned or rented web server you are 100% legally responsible for what you do with it and what you do with it
has absolutely nothing to do with us ( or the author of this web application software ). If you download this web application software and change the programming code to use it
that is competely on you, but you are not allowed to change the source information or data that is hosted on the official project pages for this software project.