Immolated Sword, Feather and Stone Software Company, S.P.

Is a not for profit online name only that manages the private and not for sale software projects CerberusCMS and the other private and not for sale software projects that are developed by this author. This software project is private and it is not meant for public use. Ownership of a private web server or a rented web server is required in order to run this software.

This software comes with no warranty expressed or implied and it does not manage or transmit anyones data at all whatsoever anywhere. Since this software does not manage or transmit anyones data or information anywhere that means that no privacy laws anywhere can ever express concerns about this software project. We do not manage, transmit or communicate any of your data or any of your information at all whatsoever at any point in time anywhere. This is not a business and we are not in business with you and we do not communicate with you. We do not contract with you and we have never contracted with you.

This software project and the information of its author cannot be covered by or mentioned in any media anywhere at all ever because it is a private software project and it is not intended for public use.

If this software is run on a private web server or a rented web server by you we are not responsible for any damages that could happen from that and we do not sell this software to anyone anywhere ever. There are no contracts between the author of this software project and anyone or any entity at all ever anywhere.

If you run any of this software on your private web server or rented web server you are 100% responsible for its content and data transmitted with it and we have absolutely nothing to do with that because we do not own, use or transmit information or data that is hosted on your private web server or rented web server that is in your legal name that you used to rent the web server from a web server hosting company. I am not you and none of us are you. We do not communicate with you over the Internet, by phone communications at all whatsoever or in any way shape or form. In other words we do not know you and we are not going to allow you to get associated with any of us in any way at all whatsover anywhere.

CerberusCMS is a content management system type web application software that was created and began development in the late 1990s and early 2000s by this author when he was about 13 years old in Oildale, Kern County, Southern California, United States of America.

You are not a member of my family and you are not my friend and you are not among my friends no matter what you say and no matter what videos you might make and put up onto the Internet in order to trick and deceive anyone that sees it. We have absolutely no legal association with you and we have absolutely no real life association with you or your data anywhere no matter what kind of videos you might make about us or any comments that you might make about us anywhere over the internet or in real life. This is a privately funded and a privately developed software project by this author. This author does not receive any money from you or from anyone at all whatsoever.

If you attempt to approach me in real life and record videos by me or record videos of me or take pictures of me in an attempt to trick everyone into thinking that I know you
or that any of us know you then this notice is for everyone world wide to see that we do not know you and I do not know you. Phony pictures are where someone can cut out and crop me or crop members of my family or friends into pictures with other people that we are not related to and do not know in order to trick everyone that sees it into thinking that I know you or that we know you or that we are connected to you in some way, but we don't and we are not connected to you in any way at all whatsoever. Phony cropped pictures can easily be identified by running the picture through an online picture analyzer program to see if it is a cropped or modified picture or video. Even if you crop me into another picture with someone that I am not related to and that I do not know and print it out on photo paper in order to then present it in an online video or in person to someone or some audience in an attempt to trick anyone that looks at it into thinking that we know you or are connected to you in some way YOU ARE COMPLETELY WRONG, YOU ARE A LIAR, YOU ARE A FRAUDSTER. We do not know you, we do not want to know you. Stay away from me, stay away from my family and stay away from my friends.

As of the year 2026 there exists digital AI programs such as Dreamweaver AI and other programs where they can cut out faces from a picture and paste it onto someone elses
body in a video and it looks somewhat real. This is also a notice to let everyone know that even if you do that I do not know you and we do not know you and that is not me.

I must express what legal equality actually is in United States society. Legal equality means that you must be legally equal to someone in order to be on the same level as them. If someone descends from royalty and can legally prove it, if someone is very clean and physically fit and has good natural clean teeth and can legally prove it, if someone is highly attractive sexually and they can legally prove it, then anyone else who isn't those things is not legally equal to that person and is not equal to that person at all and they are not part of the same community as that person is. Lying about something like that doesn't make it true no matter what you say or what you put on the Internet or what you write down anywhere even if it is written down on a phony report that you present on the Internet in a video or a picture. If it isn't actually true then it is not true. You are not part of my family, my friends or my circle. I am a Roman Catholic, but I am not a priest or a monk
and I never have been. I am also not a teacher and I never have been a teacher.

If you ever approach me, my friends or my family in real life you will be delt with swiftly and accordingly.